fix(dbaas): use dynamic object for config (#81)
Infomaniak/terraform-provider-infomaniak: docs/resources/dbaas.md

- `version` (String) The version of the database to use.
- `name` (String) The name of the DBaaS shown on the manager.
- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) The list of allowed cidrs to access to the database.
- `configuration` (DynamicObject) DynamicObject to represent every possible configurations. For available params, please refer to [this documentation](https://developer.infomaniak.com/docs/api/put/1/public_clouds/%7Bpublic_cloud_id%7D/projects/%7Bpublic_cloud_project_id%7D/dbaas/%7Bdbaas_id%7D/configurations). 
  - It needs to have at least one element

>   - Deleting the entire object means stopping managing configuration from terraform

Reviewer: This is already what Terraform naturally does

```suggestion

```

- `user` (String) The user to access the Database.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to access the Database.
- `ca` (String) The database CA certificate.

> - `effective_configuration` (DynamicObject) Specific engine params, including defaulted one (not set by `configuration`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `effective_configuration` (DynamicObject) Specific MySQL engine parameters on the API side, this is to account for defaulted values.
```
